HTCONDOR-3247 Fix many gramatical errors in the admin manual (#4545)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/admin-manual/configuration/hooks.rst

    This variable controls the behavior of the daemon hook manager when
    it detects that an instance of the job's executable is still running
    as it is time to invoke the job again. If ``True``, the daemon hook
    manager will kill the currently running job and then invoke a new instance of the job. If ``False``, the existing job invocation is
    allowed to continue running.

    ``<JobName>`` is the logical name assigned for a job as defined by
    configuration variable :macro:`STARTD_CRON_JOBLIST`,
    ``SCHEDD_CRON_JOBLIST``, or ``BENCHMARKS_JOBLIST``.

:macro-def:`STARTD_CRON_<JobName>_METRICS`

>     A space- or comma-separated list. Each element in the list is a

Reviewer: This extra hyphen seems both wrong and right... not sure what is better but I lean to removing it

Author: ```suggestion
    A list separated by commas or spaces. Each element in the list is a
```
